Add source metadata to reuses (#129)
openfisca/openfisca.org: CONTRIBUTING.md

  name: OpenFisca  # 120 characters max
  contact: contact@openfisca.org  # this email address will only be used by the Core team for questions related to the reuse
  link: https://openfisca.org  # optional URL of the author organisation
source:

>   repository: https://github.com/openfisca/legislation-explorer # optional URL
>   license: AGPL-3.0-only # optional SPDX license identifier, see https://spdx.org/licenses/

Reviewer: I prefer we don't insist on the “optional” part and instead focus on the “proprietary” option below as an alternative, but consider it a given that contributors should provide their source 🙂 

```suggestion
  repository: https://github.com/openfisca/legislation-explorer  # URL of the source code
  license: AGPL-3.0-only  # SPDX license identifier, see https://spdx.org/licenses/
```

until: 2022-12-31  # optional, YYYY-MM-DD format
```

#### Proprietary source

> If the source is proprietary, please indicate it as a comment with the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the source code of your reuse is not open, do not fill in the `source` parameter and indicate it as a comment with the following format:
```
